Fix disclosure panel spacing (#1206)
code-obos/grunnmuren: .changeset/plenty-parts-mate.md

---
"@obosbbl/grunnmuren-react": patch
---

> Fix the way spacing is managed in `<DisclosurePanel>`. Pseudo-elements were used to avoid an extra `<div>` wrapper around the content. But this caused some inherent spacing around the `Disclosure` which might not be desired in some cases.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixes the way spacing is managed in `<DisclosurePanel>`. Pseudo-elements were used to avoid an extra `<div>` wrapper around the content. But this caused some inherent spacing around the `Disclosure` which might not be desired in some cases.
```

> Fix the way spacing is managed in `<DisclosurePanel>`. Previously pseudo-elements were used to avoid an extra `<div>` wrapper around the content. But this causes some inherent spacing around the `Disclosure` which might not be desired in some cases.

Author: ```suggestion
Fix the way spacing is managed in `<DisclosurePanel>`. Pseudo-elements were used to avoid an extra `<div>` wrapper around the content. But this caused some inherent spacing around the `Disclosure` which might not be desired in some cases.
```
